Being a movie star is the hardest job, and we get no recognition!
Todd, your good-hearted naivety has once again conspired with outrageous happenstance to completely dick me over!
Why 12 steps? Nobody wants to do 12 of anything. Did you see ’12 Years A Slave’ and think ‘that’s a short number of years to be a slave?
When your father dies, you ask yourself a lot of questions, like ‘Wait, did you say he died in a duel?’ and ‘Who dies in a duel?'
Is it possible that this whole time, I’ve been an amazing feminist hero and nobody knew it?
Diane, I am a famous — everyone gives me everything I want all the time. It is an existential curse, but a huge day-to-day convenience.
You’ve got a nice set of pipes. You’re like a Josh Groban who doesn't also think he’s funny.
I want to do things with you. Fully clothed, sober, in daylight hours.
How can I put this… imagine if the Holocaust happened every four years like the Olympics. I would rather THAT happen than your rock opera.
Goddammit, Honeydew? Jesus, why does Cantaloupe think every time it gets invited to a party it can bring along its dumb friend Honeydew? You don’t get a plus one Cantaloupe.
There’s that old saying: Liquor before beer, never fear, don’t do heroin.
Why put the skip ad button so late? I’m not skipping now. I’m invested.
Now if you excuse me, I need to go take a shower so I can’t tell if I’m crying or not.
I drove, but I moved my arm a bunch so the Fitbit counted the miles.
That was, and I don’t say this lightly, worse than 100 September 11ths.
Here’s the thing about most long distance plans.’ I hate that. ‘Here’s the thing.’ It’s so stupid! Just say the thing! You don’t need to introduce the concept that there’s going to be a thing.
Todd! Get in the car. It is time to get serious about autoerotic asphyxiation.
Also, are you wearing comfortable shoes? Because I feel like that was a long road to walk to get to that punchline.
I’m sorry I accused you of murder, American TV legend Henry Winkler.
Slap my salami, the guy’s a commie.
Closure is a made up thing by Steven Spielberg to sell movie tickets. It, like true love and the Munich Olympics, doesn't exist in the real world.
I told you, that’s not what was happening that time! I was masturbating to what the picture represented! And you came in at the worst possible time!
I’m responsible for my own happiness? I can’t even be responsible for my own breakfast!
Neigh way, Jose!’ I improvised that line. I mean, it was scripted, but I gave it the ol’ BoJack spin.
Well, that was another in a long series of regrettable life choices.
I Am In Pain, All The Time. My Whole Life. And You Have No Idea.
I Need To Go Take A Shower So I Can’t Tell If I’m Crying Or Not.
Why Did You Save Me? I Don’t Want To Live.
Not Understanding That You’re A Horrible Person Doesn’t Make You Less Of A Horrible Person.
Every Happy Ending Has The Day After The Happy Ending.
When You Look At Someone Through Rose-Colored Glasses, All The Red Flags Just Look Like Flags.
Sometimes I Think I Was Born With A Leak, And Any Goodness I Started With Just Slowly Spilled Out Of Me And Now It's All Gone. And I'll Never Get It Back In Me. It's Too Late. Life Is A Series Of Closing Doors, Isn't It?
That Voice, The One That Tells You You're Worthless And Stupid And Ugly?... It Goes Away, Right?
I Want To Feel Good About Myself. The Way You Do. And I Don't Know How. I Don't Know If I Can.
You Can't Keep Doing Shitty Things, And Then Feel Bad About Yourself Like That Makes It Okay! YOU NEED TO BE BETTER!
You're BoJack Horseman. There's No Cure For That.
Why Can't I Be Happy? Am I Busted? I Am. I'm A Pit! I'm A Pit That Good Things Fall Into!
One Day You're Gonna Look Around And You're Going To Realise That Everybody Loves You...But Nobody Likes You. And That's The Loneliest Feeling In The World.
I've Had A Lot Of What I Thought Were Rock Bottoms, Only To Discover Another, Rockier Bottom Underneath.